This is a practice that generates evil
Where did the young patriarch go to get a knife?
But this Bai Wenshi looks like a thousand swords and six hatreds
I never imagined that my son had such means
Ok hahahahaha
Lin Aoxue today
I will tear you to pieces again
This is Sky Demon
The devil is dead
How could you
Yes, this is what I will call a thousand women
Dedicated to the top-level cultivation method exchanged for the acquired ancestor
Do you know that once you fall into the devil's path
The soul will be branded by the devil
Never be reincarnated
fart
Haotian Old Ancestor invaded my top-level cultivation method
Haotian Patriarch is Dongyu's top battlefield
He is a big man who leads the Qingyun Sword Sect
Qingyun Sword Sect
It turned out that you privately entrusted Haotian
Haotian ancestor
It is said that the battle with the demons
Only the strongest sword of the Supreme Supreme
It can only be resolved if all ten parties are destroyed
But now Xianjun has long since fallen
Who else can match the world
Now I lack the power of all beings
I am afraid that I will not be able to use the ten square annihilation
Aoxue Niang will help you block it.
Go away, don't even think about running away today.